## 1. Community Bonding Period (6th May - 27th May) :

- [x] Set-up a blog.  
      _(https://saurabhshri.github.io)_
- [x] Write a blog post about getting accepted into GSoC.  
      _(https://saurabhshri.github.io/2017/05/gsoc/accepted-in-google-summer-of-code-2017)_
- [x] Begin creating a Github Gist to host milestones and deliverables checklists.  
      _(https://gist.github.com/saurabhshri/05f662806a23243bc049c4676c904233)_  
- [x] Create a centralized GSoC Page  
      _(https://saurabhshri.github.io/gsoc)_
- [ ] Create accounts across CCExtractor Systems.  
- [ ] Set-up server and development environment.  
- [ ] Fine tune the deliverables and update this Gist.
- [ ] Shamelessly insert this to tell everyone that it's my birtday on 24th.
- [ ] Collect samples and create sample repository.  
- [ ] Create account across CCExtractor Systems
- [ ] Post the update on blog.  

## 2. 28th May - 31st May : 

- [ ] Design basic workflow.  
- [ ] Create basic design scheme and testing plan.  
- [ ] Begin coding officially.  
- [ ] Post the update on blog.  

## 3. Week 1 (1st June - 7th June) : 

- [ ] Write a tool to extract only important and required information from subtitle file.   
- [ ] Write a difference showing script to compare the outputs generated by various proposed architecture.  
- [ ] Start building basic skeleton of tool.  
- [ ] Post the update on blog.  


## 4. Week 2 (8th June - 15th June) : 

- [ ] Write the implementation of approximation based word tagging.   
- [ ] Test the implementation against sample repository.  
- [ ] Make a report on its accuracy.  
- [ ] Document the use case scenarios.     
- [ ] Post the update on blog. 

_Work load has been kept less in the beginning two week so that I can
practice other crucial techniques such as adding test cases and
understanding code review work flow by mentors._

## 5. Week 3 (16th June - 23rd June) : 

- [ ] Begin implementation of VAD.   
- [ ] Apply VAD to _map_ silence zones.  
- [ ] Modify the previous algorithm to expoit this information.    
- [ ] Make a report on its accuracy.     
- [ ] Post the update on blog.  


## 6. Week 4 (16th June - 23rd June) : 

- [ ] Begin implementation of VAD.   
- [ ] Apply VAD to _map_ silence zones.  
- [ ] Modify the previous algorithm to expoit this information.
- [ ] Experiment processing video samples after cutting them into small chunks based on silence zones.
- [ ] Make a report on its accuracy.     
- [ ] Post the update on blog.  


## 7. Week 5 (24th June - 29th June) : 

- [ ] Meet missed milestones.  
- [ ] Fix bugs and improve performance.  
- [ ] Prepare report for first evaluation.
- [ ] Test against sample repository.     
- [ ] Post the update on blog. 

# PHASE 1 DELIVERABLE :

- [ ] Tool for subtitle processing and basic testing architecture.  
- [ ] Sample repository.  
- [ ] Algorithmic and Probability based word - audio matching.  
- [ ] VAD implementation.  


